what's going on guys your buddy buddy
here we don't have a night review for
you today I know this nice in the
background we'll get to why actually
this is a review on a new item I just
received from Jared West you know Jared
West formerly of manses knives well yeah
he has a lot of new things coming out he
said Magnus wouldn't be the end and I'm
since I've always subscribed to the
Mantis militia as I said before I always
get those pre-order and I knew a new
things become available as you know they
show up and this item you will be able
to find it probably on a knife center of
HQ in a couple months but this is
actually a pre-order like I said it's
not it's not a review on the a knife
it's actually a review on a lanyard oh I
see a lanyard bead and I'll go ahead
just jump right into it this is what we
call Derek West calls the city's Waller
and the point behind this lanyard
you're gonna start this way is for those
guys I'd like to carry deep in their
pocket but not show a clip but still
want that blade if you clipped your
pocket and the answer for that is right
here check this out I'm gonna put some
light on here pretty cool guys I mean
what does this look like to you
obviously supposed to replicate a pin
cap so those use a 1 deep carry or
really you know like have here's a knife
straight in your pocket people won't
really think that you have a knife if I
first looks it's really cool
these come in other styles there's also
like a silver one then also another
block when it has like some kind of
ribbing inside like you know like
texturing but I went for the plain
neutral black one because I was always
like black clips to begin with you know
less noticeable so yeah I thought this
was really cool idea I don't know how
much they're gonna be available once
they hit the stores but I think if this
one was 15 with shipping and it's made
of some solid I don't know lumina maybe
some metal but yeah it really looks like
a cool cookie pin or like a cookie
sharpie or something and you see you
have this thing to make it taut and
release so I'm gonna go ahead and uh run
this guy through which is really cool
idea I'm gonna run this through my knife
and then show you how it looks in Pocket
like I said this is my everyday carry
for work I love it you know has this
light on it but then the same time I
don't have it clipped in my pocket so it
kind of has like bouncing around so I
went ahead and solved that problem now
and this would be good for any night
even if it does have a you know clip on
it long
it has at the lanyard hole which is fine
or even the plug clip if you want to do
that just keep it wrapped around the pot
clip your knife and have this instead of
your regular clip that would work too so
just give me a second while I go ahead
and run this guy through I'm looking
forward to seeing all the other things
that are coming out
Jared West and his new designs I
remember seeing a while back at the
knife show of shenanigans some cool
stuff that I haven't think it's been
released yet but here's hoping to those
go ahead and pull this up these guts of
it say hmm intestines from the paracord
pull it through just like that nice and
easy through cool love it love it
already so yeah it is there we go nice
so okay now I don't want to want to see
obviously let's have it clipped in
pocket is the first time I'm going to
have it in my pocket so it's like I said
review I said it's more like a you know
showing tower I'll be on the lookout so
I'm putting in my pocket like I normally
carry and there it is and now I'll just
put this in here yeah that's cool guys
check it out see if I've got mr. squeaky
here drinking drinking you just finished
scrub in on some some dinner here let's
go ahead and see how this looks in
pocket wearing my work shirt just got
off work open this package since I got
in and let's see there we go you guys
can see looks just like a normal pin
really cool idea like I said there's
other styles available chrome ones but I
went with the black finish obviously and
let me see if I get a better angle this
for you there you go you can even have
it hanging out more too so it's like if
people are thinking you have a knife you
can actually pull it out to this this
far
and look at that looks just like a pin
pretty cool hopefully I get a better
angle for you I'm not too sure let's
just see yeah
sorry guys trying to balance a tripod
and there it is and then here we go
extracting my plate really cool idea
just give me the guys heads up and I
also wanted to share with you because I
like I said I haven't had any many
videos lately haven't had any many uh my
purchases but there's how it looks it's
got a nice weight to it really cool idea
that I said it's called a city dweller
you could I could probably wrap it
around so you had a normal pot clip you
don't want that shown you could probably
just wrap that through your clip and
then do the same and have a Daniel so
it's really cool I'm looking forward to
using this now like I said I love
hearing this everyday to work and now
that I have this cool pin thing it's
gonna be awesome
only thing is to say if someone asked to
borrow my pin and I got it like to have
a backup hand on one of these guys cuz
obviously it's not what they think it's
gonna be I say thanks guys watching and
looking forward to reading your comments
as always and talk to y'all later